ladies and gentlemen welcome to top
speed calm I'm Christian mo and today
we're going to take a look at grid
Autosport the newest racing game from
codemasters if you're unfamiliar with
grid it's a game that sort of tries to
toe the line between realism and fun
that splits the difference between
something like Gran Turismo or Forza and
something like need for speed so it's
not quite as difficult to play as a
simulation racer and it's not quite as
laughably easy as need for speed so here
on the main menu we have a couple of
things that we can do so we have our
main career mode we have online play we
have custom cups you can create custom
races you can do a split screen race
there are our options you can get online
and download DLC after the game comes
out or you can exit the game in our
online mode you got multiplayer you have
your specific cars your challenges and
your race net Club which I can't access
any of that cuz this is the beta edition
of the game for custom cups you can
create your own races and this is a good
way to get used to what kind of car 0 we
have the touring car dis dis discipline
street racing tuners and fortuner there
is modified or the drift racing for open
wheel endurance we go back to the turn
card for street racing there's hot hatch
or coupe so currently the BRZ you see up
there is for the coop class you may
notice that the graphics on this don't
look incredibly sharp this is still a
beta build and code master says the
graphics will actually get better as it
is with this beta I can't turn the
settings all the way up on this computer
this is a computer edition of the game
simply because there is a small bug in
the system that has to deal with the
hardware that I'm running and with the
hardware I'm running if I turn on
certain settings enable crash so I'm
promised that this will look much much
better when the game actually comes out
and look much closer to the screenshots
of pace center so here is to hoping we
can go ahead and take a look at an
endurance race real quick and we'll see
what kind of cars I've got available for
me two years so away goes my little
yellow brz and I can get a mercedes sls
gt3 or I can move over to McLaren
and with McLaren what do I have mp4-12c
gt3 addy will be the r8 GT 3 boom there
you go and then for Aston Martin we have
the incredibly beautiful and wise
lust-worthy zagato this is based on the
v12 Vantage but it is designed by zagato
if you don't like the star right there
you can select new liveries so we have
the default one we have Monster Energy
racing heard you like your energy drinks
we also have razor motorsport which is
really cool and blacks and green I'm
being promised that there are a lot more
of these coming but right now these are
the only two that I have a new razor
motorsport endurance race for GT group
two so we're going to race it in D you
may notice that all of my speeds and
distances are in km/h this is again
because the game is being developed by a
British company and this is a
pre-release pills so we have our vehicle
tuning upgrades that we can add if you
want to know the rules so it's a race
there are all of my rules I can change
the difficulty settings I can turn
things on traction control brake bias
there's a racing line in the game you
can put that on or off you have your
standard options where you can put out
there we'll go ahead and do part of a
lap here so you can see the cars in
action and hear the sound of all these
motors and then I will call this an end
you can see there are several view
points for the car I personally enjoy
Adam away quickly
everyone wants to crash all of the time
in this game
around the outside the aggressive look
up teammate two-time home
let's announce you can see the cars in
action so as you can see well some of
those as you can see me spin as you can
see some of the still images getting
look so great on that main screen but
once you're in the game graphics
actually really nice
I'm also not very good i've spent about
three and a half hours or four hours so
far playing this game I've really gotten
the hang of the way the front wheel
drive cars hand over the rear wheel
drive car still filled with stuff a
little bit iffy this is especially
noticeable in the grift batches
codemasters have said they're working on
a little bit they're working on car
balance and throttle response because
under ninety nine percent cottle i have
no issues and then the moment it fell
out of the car wants to break free so
there's a real discrepancy between the
amount of throttle you have and in a
fashionable
but again the key tell me this is just a
preview build they're still fine-tuning
things and that all these issues that I
have mild complaints
a lot better soon so here's to hoping
anyways this has been one slightly
terrible lap in an Aston Martin v12
zagato and I hope you guys enjoyed this
quick preview of grid Autosport we will
have a full review as soon as I can get
a hold of an actual real copy of this
game I'm Christian McCaffrey calm and
spin again if I'll see you guys later
bye
you